Hadrian Personal Use and Educational License (PUEL)
===================================================

This license applies if you download the Hadrian Scoring Engine either as a JAR
file (binary) or source code (ASCII) from the Downloads page. It does not apply
to the PFA specification, which is licensed by the Data Mining Group (DMG).
In summary, the Hadrian PUEL allows you to use the Hadrian Scoring Engine free
of charge

  * for personal use,
  * for product evaluation, or 
  * for academic use

The Hadrian PUEL does not allow you to use the Hadrian Scoring Engine for any
commercial use.

Hadrian PUEL terms and conditions

License version 1, June 1, 2014

OPEN DATA PARTNERS LLC ("OPEN DATA") IS WILLING TO LICENSE THE PRODUCT (AS
DEFINED IN SECTION 1 BELOW) TO YOU ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL
OF THE TERMS CONTAINED IN THIS HADRIAN SCORING ENGINE PERSONAL USE AND
EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT"). PLEASE READ THE AGREEMENT
CAREFULLY. 

BY DOWNLOADING OR INSTALLING THIS PRODUCT, YOU ACCEPT THE FULL TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT.

IF YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS LICENSE ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY OTHER THAN AN
INDIVIDUAL PERSON, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO BIND THE ENTITY TO
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT YOU ARE BINDING THE ENTITY
TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREE.

SECTION 1 Subject of Agreement. "Product", as referred to in this Agreement,
shall be the Open Data Hadrian Scoring Engine source code and/or JAR binary
software package ("Hadrian").    Hadrian allows for the building and consuming
of predictive and statistical models adhering to the PFA specification. The
Product consists of source code and executable files for use within a Java
Virtual Machine, as well as other data files as required by the executable files
at run-time and documentation in electronic form. The Product includes all
documentation and updates provided to You by Open Data under this Agreement and
the terms of this Agreement will apply to all such documentation and updates
unless a different license is provided with an update or documentation.

SECTION 2 Grant of license. (1) Open Data grants you a personal, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, limited license without fees to reproduce, install, execute,
and use internally the Product for your Personal Use, Academic Use, Educational
Use, or Evaluation. "Personal Use" requires that you use the Product on the same
computer where you installed it yourself. "Educational use" is any use in an
educational institution (schools, colleges and universities, by teachers and
students).  "Academic use" is use in any academic institution for research use.
"Evaluation" means testing the Product for a reasonable period (that is,
normally for a few weeks); after expiry of that term, you are no longer
permitted to evaluate the Product.

SECTION 3 Restrictions and Reservation of Rights. (1) Any use beyond the
provisions of SECTION 2 is prohibited. The Product and copies thereof provided
to you under this Agreement are copyrighted and licensed, not sold, to you by
Open Data. Open Data Partners reserves all copyrights and other intellectual
property rights. This includes, is not limited to, the right to modify, make
available or public, rent out, lease, lend or otherwise distribute the Product.
This does not apply as far as applicable law may require otherwise or if Open
Data grants you additional rights of use in a separate agreement in writing.

(2) You may not do any of the following: (a) rent, lease, lend or encumber the
Product; (b) remove or alter any proprietary legends or notices contained in the
Product.

(3) You may not: (a) repackage, either in source or binary form, the Product for
inclusion with another product or derivative work (other than for allowed
personal, academic or educational use); (b) create a commercial work that
requires the Product as either a compile or runtime dependency.

(4) No right, title or interest in or to any trademark, service mark, logo or
trade name of Open Data or its licensors is granted under this Agreement.

SECTION 4 Termination. The Agreement is effective on the Date you receive the
Product and remains effective until terminated. Your rights under this Agreement
will terminate immediately without notice from Open Data if you reverse engineer
the product or take any actions derogatory to Open Data. Open Data may terminate
this Agreement should any Product become, or in Open Data reasonable opinion
likely to become, the subject of a claim of intellectual property infringement
or trade secret misappropriation. Upon termination, you will cease use of, and
destroy, Product and confirm compliance in writing to Open Data. Sections 3-9,
inclusive, will survive termination of the Agreement.

SECTION 5 Disclaimer of Warranty. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, OPEN DATA PROVIDES THE PRODUCT "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, EXCEPT TO
THE EXTENT THAT THESE DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID. The entire
risk as to the quality and performance of the Product is with you. Should it
prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or
correction. In addition, Open Data shall be allowed to provide updates to the
Product in urgent cases. You are then obliged to install such updates. Such an
urgent case includes, but is not limited to, a claim of rights to the Product by
a third party.

SECTION 6 Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL OPEN DATA OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE,
PROFIT OR DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE PRODUCT, EVEN IF OPEN DATA HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In no event will Open Data's
liability to you, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), or
otherwise, exceed the amount paid by you for Product under this Agreement. Some
states do not allow the exclusion of incidental or consequential damages, so
some of the terms above may not be applicable to you.

SECTION 7 Third Party Code. Portions of Product may be provided with notices and
open source licenses from communities and third parties that govern the use of
those portions, and any licenses granted hereunder do not alter any rights and
obligations You may have under such open source licenses, however, the
disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provisions in this Agreement
will apply to all the Product.

SECTION 8 Export Regulations. All Product, documents, technical data, and any
other materials delivered under this Agreement are subject to U.S. export control
laws and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries. You
agree to comply strictly with these laws and regulations and acknowledge that
you have the responsibility to obtain any licenses to export, re-export, or
import as may be required after delivery to you.

SECTION 9 U.S. Government Restricted Rights. If Product is being acquired by or
on behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S. Government prime contractor or
subcontractor (at any tier), then the Government's rights in Product and
accompanying documentation will be only as set forth in this Agreement; this is
in accordance with 48 CFR 227.7201 through 227.7202-4 (for Department of Defense
(DOD) acquisitions) and with 48 CFR 2.101 and 12.212 (for non-DOD acquisitions).

SECTION 10 Miscellaneous. This Agreement is the entire agreement between you and
Open Data relating to its subject matter. It supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, representations and
warranties and prevails over any conflicting or additional terms of any quote,
order, acknowledgment, or other communication between the parties relating to
its subject matter during the term of this Agreement. No modification of this
Agreement will be binding, unless in writing and signed by an authorized
representative of each party. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be
unenforceable, this Agreement will remain in effect with the provision omitted,
unless omission would frustrate the intent of the parties, in which case this
Agreement will immediately terminate. Course of dealing and other standard
business conditions of the parties or the industry shall not apply. This
Agreement is governed by the substantive and procedural laws of Illinois and you
and Open Data agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in,
the courts in Cook county in Illinois in any dispute arising out of or relating
to this Agreement.
